this is a short film about personal and
social developments and about an
organization at the forefront of this
work in the UK called personal
developments point in today's society
where finances are tight many
organizations who work with people
schools housing associations youth
services and charities are being asked
to demonstrate the impact of their way
the organizations which are flourishing
however are those which don't just prove
the impact of the way they improve the
impact of the way by making sure they
focus on skills knowledge and personal
and social development
through our work with national
governments in programs such as National
Citizen Service local authorities
charities such as Dame Kelly Holmes
Legacy trust and key fund and big
organizations such as Oh to and inspired
futures we have managed to define refine
and propagate the principles and
practice of personal and social
development
the important elements of pestle social
developments are experiential learning
that's learning through doing guided
reflection so that we help people to
think effectively and transfer learning
so that they can take the learning
they've achieved and put it into their
lives this means that they must become
self reflective and become effective
thinkers typically we would work with
your staff to ensure that they are at
the forefront of personal social
development and getting the achievements
that you require we do this by usually
putting your staff through a personal
social development program themselves
then showing them the theory behind that
trainer and finally Co delivering with
them so that your clients get the full
impact your organization can flourish
my name is Paul oginski and I'm the
chief executive of personal development
points we look forward to working with
your organization please find us on
Facebook or Twitter and our website is
you